add first part of chat (#1285)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/chat/commands.md

# .NET MAUI Chat Commands

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Chat allows you to attach commands that will be executed when certain actions occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Chat lets you attach commands that will be executed when certain actions occur.
```
